Describe the Polar CHart annotations API (#299)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Along with [x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x'), positions the annotation's center at a specific pixel coordinate. (0, 0) is the upper left corner of the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used with [x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') to position the annotation's center at a specific pixel coordinate. (0, 0) is the upper left corner of the chart.
```
